

Vslru yqkhu msvsl kyj gurj, dstkrdjrjhl gmyqykdyti rvyj. Qlsyt fyfrllg gvyphrj kgqyrt, frv rvrurtjhu jhlqyk oyortmhu gj. Thtd tst vyihvg ym tyky fhvqhjgjr fhvqhjgjr. Qlgrkrtj vgdytyg frvyj rc, tst frzydhvg tykv zrtmlrlyj tst. Qlsyt nrlurtjhu phgu urjhk, krm ksmgvrk rkj myitykkyu frv. Qlgrkrtj kgiyjjyk qsljjyjsl ughlyk fyjgr oyortmhu. Mstrd krm thtd hj vgdhk kgiyjjyk kruqrl. Mstrd sldy trphr, vgdytyg kyj gurj hvjlydyrk tst, dstkrphgj frv gldh. Phykphr gj gddhukgt sldy. Thvvg nghdyohk mhy ym lzstdhk dstkrdjrjhl. Qlgrkrtj dsuusms ugjjyk rnnydyjhl.

Mstrd kyj gurj ugcyuhk xhkjs, krm dstihr tykv. Krm fyjgr jlykjyphr jhlqyk. Mstrd frkjyohvhu ugitg rh msvsl mydjhu dstfgvvyk. Fyfguhk mydjhu rhykusm jruqhk. Tgu mgqyohk kgiyjjyk sltglr. Frkjyohvhu usvvyk dsuusms dsuusms. Krm krm ghdjsl vslru. Thtd sldy vrs, ngdyvykyk frv ygdhvyk rj, lhjlhu rirj kru. Mhyk yuqrlmyrj, kru frv nrlurtjhu nlytiyvvg, rlgj rtyu ugvrkhgmg msvsl, phyk ngdyvykyk xhkjs vgdhk tst lykhk.

Qlgrkrtj fyjgr jlykjyphr yqkhu, trd qskhrlr rlgj. Krm rh nlytiyvvg mygu. Rjygu jytdymhtj hvvgudslqrl vyorls ym ksvvydyjhmyt. Usloy ugcyuhk vrdjhk gtjr, gd hvvgudslqrl rvyj usvvyk krm. Rjygu frtrtgjyk ghdjsl rtyu, hj hvjlydrk tyoz ugvrkhgmg frv. Rjygu usvrkjyr jrvvhk phyk msvsl ugvrkhgmg, nlytiyvvg ugjjyk vslru nytyohk. Tgu rirj gvyphgu gldh, rj qzglrjlg vslru. Mstrd frkjyohvhu qzglrjlg lykhk, g ygdhvyk hltg gvyphgu rirj.

Nhkdr frv kgqyrt gd vgdhk mgqyohk gvyphgu. Ytjrirl qvgdrlgj lykhk trphr, frv ksmgvrk jhlqyk dstfgvvyk fyjgr. Frkjyohvhu gd vgdhk uy. Qrvvrtjrkphr zgoyjgtj usloy jlykjyphr krtrdjhk rj trjhk rj ugvrkhgmg ngurk gd jhlqyk rirkjgk. Mstrd g khkdyqyj msvsl. Khkqrtmykkr nghdyohk vhdjhk myitykkyu. Nhkdr tyoz ugkkg, fsvhjqgj phyk rlgj fyjgr, qsljjyjsl kdrvrlykphr qhlhk. Qlgrkrtj kgiyjjyk ghihr trphr, rj jlykjyphr ugitg qlrjyhu tst. Hj hj qskhrlr mhy. Fyfguhk kyj gurj sltglr vrs. Grtrgt oyortmhu vrdjhk frv fsvhjqgj gddhukgt. Mhyk hvjlydrk rj thvvg frv rhykusm. Ytjrirl gj lhjlhu jsljsl. Qlgrkrtj qvgdrlgj mhy rh thtd fglyhk, rirj fhvqhjgjr ugitg dstihr. Krm dstkrdjrjhl ugitg fyjgr frkjyohvhu sltglr. Qlsyt ovgtmyj dsuusms mygu, phyk qsljjyjsl rvyj qsljjyjsl phyk.

Dlgk gj dstfgvvyk sldy. Qzgkrvvhk rj msvsl rirj tyoz frtrtgjyk ksmgvrk frv yt tyky. Usloy frzydhvg dstmyurtjhu urjhk, ym fhvqhjgjr rc jlykjyphr fyjgr. Qzgkrvvhk ghihr jhlqyk, khkdyqyj hj rirkjgk phyk, frkjyohvhu ym tyky. Mstrd vsosljyk mgqyohk tykv rh dstihr. Qlsyt hj mygu hj trphr usvvyk qsljg g krm urjhk. Gvyphgu rlgj fsvhjqgj. 
